201/pass cfg flags (#214)
rust-marker/marker: docs/book/src/usage/setting-lint-levels.md

registered via the [`#[register_tool()]` feature](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/66079).

If your crate is compiled using nightly, then controlling lints is as simple as placing `#![feature(register_tool)]`
and `#![register_tool(marker)]` at the top of your crate `lib.rs` or `mod.rs` file. You can then use all of the normal
lint attributes you might usually use, on marker provided lints, like `#[allow(marker::my_lint)]`.

```rust
// These attributes need to be at the crate root
#![feature(register_tool)]
#![register_tool(marker)]

...

// Marker lints can be controlled like this
#[allow(marker::my_lint)]
fn foo() {}
```

## On Stable
If your project isn't on nightly, you can still use the `register_tool` attribute, you'll just need to add some extra
guards around it. Marker provides config arguments to rust during the lint passes, so that your linted code can
conditionally apply attributes only during the marker run.

Specifically marker passes `--cfg=marker` and a `--cfg=marker="my_crate"` flag for each lint crate. This means that you
can use `#[cfg_attr(marker, foo)]` to conditionally apply the `foo` attribute only during lint runs.

> This conditional compilation can be used to leverage the fact that lints run using nightly, without requiring the
> linted crate to compile using nightly. To do this, add `#![cfg_attr(marker, feature(register_tool))]` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This conditional compilation can be used to leverage the fact that marker uses  nightly for linting, without requiring the
project to use a nightly toolchain. To do this, add `#![cfg_attr(marker, feature(register_tool))]` and
```

`#![cfg_attr(marker, register_tool(marker))]` attributes to the top of your crate file, to register marker as a tool.
Then you can apply lint level attributes like `#[cfg_attr(marker, allow(marker::foo))]` to control your marker lints.

> Additionally, if there are attributes you only want active when marker is aware of
> certain lint crates, you can conditionally apply your attribute with something like
> `#[cfg_attr(marker = "my_crate", allow(marker::foo))]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can check if a specifc lint crate is in the set of loaded lint crates. This is useful, when you only want to enable some attributes if specifc lints are loaded. For this you can use the `marker = "<lint-crate-name>"` check, like this:
`#[cfg_attr(marker = "my_crate", allow(marker::foo))]`.
```

```rust
// These attributes need to be at the crate root
#![cfg_attr(marker, feature(register_tool))]
#![cfg_attr(marker, register_tool(marker))]

...

// Marker lints can be controlled like this
#[cfg_attr(marker, allow(marker::my_lint))]
fn foo() {}

> ```

Reviewer: NIT: I would split this into two blocks, since mdbook and GH both have a button to copy the whole block:

````
#### Required attributes in the `lib.rs`/`main.rs` file

```rust
// These attributes need to be at the crate root
#![cfg_attr(marker, feature(register_tool))]
#![cfg_attr(marker, register_tool(marker))]
```

#### Conditionally add lint attributes

```rust
// Marker lints can be controlled like this
#[cfg_attr(marker, allow(marker::my_lint))]
fn foo() {}
```
````

---
Rendered as:

#### Required attributes in the `lib.rs`/`main.rs` file

```rust
// These attributes need to be at the crate root
#![cfg_attr(marker, feature(register_tool))]
#![cfg_attr(marker, register_tool(marker))]
```

#### Conditionally add lint attributes

```rust
// Marker lints can be controlled like this
#[cfg_attr(marker, allow(marker::my_lint))]
fn foo() {}
```

Author: These are small enough, I should be able to address these during my lunch break today
